Courtesy of Lombok.
We never have to write auto pilot again.
If you remember the challenge from the Beans section, if I were to put a constructor here, let me
just generate a constructor using all fields.
Then we wouldn't need auto wire because Spring Boot will automatically inject the relevant dependencies
over here and then it's going to update your fields.
This is useful when you've got many fields and you don't want to keep saying auto wired.
And if I were to test everything out, everything would still work as intended.
So let me just create a grade.
Beautiful.
Now.
This is nothing new.
You already saw this in your challenge, but instead of writing out this ugly constructor, we can just
go up here and say.
All our eggs.
Constructor.
And it will auto generate the constructor on the fly by virtue of just putting all our constructor.
It's going to take care of dependency injection.
Let us just test it out by making one request.
We're still good.
So wherever we're using auto wired, let me just put an all args constructor instead.
So over here.
And we'll probably need it here as well eventually.
So let's just get it over with.
This.
Put it in the great controller.
So don't forget to remove auto wired.
And in the student controller.
We're going to need this here eventually.
So let's just do it right now.
All right, let me just make sure I didn't miss anything.
Remove this.
And looks like we're good.
It's nice that now I don't have to keep putting out a wired every single time.
Add another field.
I can just say all args constructor and it's going to perform the dependency injection behind the scenes.